chore: add note on XRPL node spinup (#1371)
axelarnetwork/axelar-docs: src/content/docs/validator/amplifier/verifier-onboarding.mdx

> Leave this process running in the background, and perform additional commands in a new terminal window or shell.

Reviewer: PR title should use conventional commits

`chore: add note on XRPL node spinup`

<Callout>

> Note: If you are running a validator as well, you should use a different node for your verifier on both testnet and mainnet than the one being run for your validator node. You also must run different `tofnd` instances for `vald` (for your validator) and `ampd` (for your verifier). You cannot use the same `tofnd` instance for both. The node `ampd` points to can use the `everything` pruning config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you are running a validator as well, you should use a different node for your verifier (the Axelar node that ampd connects to) on both testnet and mainnet than the one being run for your validator node. This node can use the `everything` pruning config to reduce resource use. You also must run different `tofnd` instances for `vald` (for your validator) and `ampd` (for your verifier). You cannot use the same `tofnd` instance for both.
```

Reviewer: Avoid paragraphs. Make two separate notes since tofnd note is independent.

Leave this process running in the background, and perform additional commands in a new terminal window or shell.

<Callout>

> Note: If you are running a validator as well, you should use a different node for your verifier (the Axelar node that ampd connects to) on both testnet and mainnet than the one being run for your validator node. This node can use the `everything` pruning config to reduce resource use. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: If you are running a validator as well, you should use a different node for your verifier (the Axelar node that ampd connects to) on both testnet and mainnet than the one being run for your validator node to prevent loss of rewards in case the verifier fails. This node can use the `everything` pruning config to reduce resource use. 
```

> You also must run different `tofnd` instances for `vald` (for your validator) and `ampd` (for your verifier). You cannot use the same `tofnd` instance for both.

Reviewer: move into separate callouts?
